Update badge-hardware.md (#285)
emfcamp/badge-2024-documentation: docs/tildagon-apps/reference/badge-hardware.md

        return None
```

## PD

> The PD module allows sending and receiving PD messages on the USB in and out ports. The message header is handled entirely by the badge for Venodr messages and will automatically fill the fields of the header relating to the physical layer. This leaves the user to only fill the message type and number of objects for the Prime messages used to communicate with the cables plugs. The fusb302b part that the badge uses supports USB PD 2.0, Version 1.1 and uses the number of objects field of the header to determine message length, preventing us from sending extended messages. Each message that it sends must have a 2 byte header then 0-7 4 byte data objects. To assist with this the badge will padd the messsages sent to the next 4 byte boundry, so messages received from another badge may have additional 0s appended to the end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PD module allows sending and receiving PD messages on the USB in and out ports. The message header is handled entirely by the badge for Vendor messages and will automatically fill the fields of the header relating to the physical layer. This leaves the user to only fill the message type and number of objects for the Prime messages used to communicate with the cables plugs. The fusb302b part that the badge uses supports USB PD 2.0, Version 1.1 and uses the number of objects field of the header to determine message length, preventing us from sending extended messages. Each message that it sends must have a 2 byte header then 0-7 4 byte data objects. To assist with this the badge will pad the messages sent to the next 4 byte boundary, so messages received from another badge may have additional 0s appended to the end.
```

```python
from pd import Host, Device
```

Then create the objects,

```python
usb_in = Device()
usb_out = Host()
```

Check the connection state and send a message

```python
if usb_out.pd_enabled():
    usb_out.send_vendor_msg(data, length)
```

### Methods

Both the Host and Device ports support the following methods.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Method | Description | Arguments | Returns |
| ------ | ----------- | --------- | ------- |
| connected | Gets if the badge is connected as a device. | None. | `state`(`bool`): Connection state |
| pd_enabled | Is the PD enbled on this port | None | `state`(`bool`): PD enabled |
| badge_connected | Gets if the badge is connected to another badge as a device | None. | `state`(`bool`): Connection state |
| get_vendor_msg | Gets vendor message from the in port | None. | `message`(`tuple`): `vendor header`(int) message header, `length`(`int`)message length, `buffer`(`list`) list of data |
| send_vendor_msg | Sends a vendor message on the in port | `data`(`bytearray`): data, contents (VDOs) left to the user and the helper. the data will be padded to the 4 byte VDO boundry, max 28 bytes | None. |

> The Host port also supports sending messages to the cable plug at either end, known as prime and double prime messages. The are as follwos:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Host port also supports sending messages to the cable plug at either end, known as prime and double prime messages. The are as follows:
```
